Children?
Are you trackers, too?
Hey, that's the...!
Wanna come with us to the Land
of Earth?
The answers that you are seeking
can be found there.
Wait.
Yeah, no doubt about it.
But...
He brought down all these
shinobi...
Did he turn the tables on
those guys? And what's that
monster?!
[groan]
[chuckling] It looks like
we hit the jackpot!
Hey, Boruto.
Mitsuki's just up ahead, isn't
he? So you're gonna have to
move aside.
Oh? You seek to test my mettle?
What? "S-seek..."
Man, you must be pretty ancient.
Wait, Boruto!
Any way you look at it, he's
dangerous.
Yeah? Well, so what!
We're so close to Mitsuki now.
You're right. Besides, we
can't very well let the rest of
them go, either.
[grunts] I guess that you two
are on the same page, huh?
Allow me to present myself. I am
Kokuyou.
I have powers far beyond you
humans. And...
[growls]
[confused]
This...
...is an Akuta.
Akuta? But what exactly is it?
Well, not a puppet.
Maybe there's a nasty secret
behind it, something beyond our
comprehension...
Knowing the answer to that
question is...
...unnecessary!
[gasps]
[grunts]
Shikadai! Boruto!
[roars]
It's fast!
No way. Seriously?! [grunts]
Clashing against the formidable
allows me to evolve even
further.
Power that surpasses humans is
what a non-human like myself
desires most!
So those who are weak are
worthless.
[chuckles] What the hell is
this guy talking about?
[chuckles]
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
[attacking yell]
[grunting]
He hasn't seen my jutsu yet!
[gasps]
Allow me to posit: the clones
were bait, part of some clever
ruse. But...
Hm?
Agh!
I already know... what
your intent is.
[roars]
[grunting]
This is...! [worried inhale]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[straining]
[grunts]
I cannot use jutsu.
However, to reach the pinnacle
of strength, all I need are my
hands and feet.
We finally made it this far...
Mitsuki's just a little ways up
ahead of us!
I'll tear through anyone who
gets in my way!
And get to where Mitsuki is,
no matter what!
Wind Style!
Gale Palm!
Sarada!
[grunting]
Cha!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[grunting]
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu!
Ah, I see...
All right, you first...
[grunting]
Oh?
Way to go, Sarada. Nice assist!
Well, I mean, you and I have
been fighting together for a
while.
By now, I can pretty much read
your mind.
That makes it three against one!
I see... You're quite adept...
I mustn't treat you like mere
children, then.
[gasps]
[attacking yell]
Too slow!
[grunts]
Sarada!
[gasps]
Even if your eyes can follow me,
your body can't keep up. You're
first!
[grunting]
Hey! What did you do to Sarada,
damn it?!
[gasps]
Take this!
Cho-Cho?! Why are you here?!
[chuckles] C'mon.
Don't you know, Sarada? A
beautiful woman always shows up
fashionably late to the party.
Hey, don't forget that I'm here,
too!
Wait, but I thought you guys
went back to the village!
Yeah, we were on our way...
But we ran into a group
of Leaf shinobi that had been
attacked.
[sigh] We were hesitant at
first, but...
We realized that you
guys might be in trouble...
so we couldn't just go home and
leave you to face it all by
yourselves!
I swear. Damn it, you guys!
Now, Boruto, Sarada! We'll
handle things here with this
guy.
You go on ahead and catch up to
Mitsuki!
Huh? Why? I mean, he's
already...
[determined yell]
Uhhh?!
Seriously?
If he manages to delay us
here, then we won't get to
Mitsuki.
Shikadai... I owe you one for
this!
Cho-Cho, Inojin, be careful!
Guess we don't get a
say in what we're doing.
Oh, well! No big deal, right?
C'mon, guys... Let's use the
Ino-Shika-Cho combination.
Show him what we've got!
Fine... Then you can see for
yourselves...
...how weak humans truly are.
Hm, Kokuyou's late.
Are you worried?
Mhm, I expected
that he'd have wrapped things up
already and returned...
I guess you really trust him,
don't you?
Trust him? No, that isn't it!
Kokuyou's just very strong,
that's all. Becoming stronger
is his whole reason for living.
Hm.
[grunt]
It seems that they're here for
us. After all, we're really
close to the border now.
So, what's up?
[mumbles]
Huh?! Uh-huh... I see...
You can understand?
Yeah, they're kinda like
my siblings.
And what did they say?
It appears that some trackers
got past Kokuyou and are headed
this way right now.
They're child ninja... Two of
them.
They're two children...?
They actually beat Kokuyou?
Now I'm really curious about
what they're like!
I'm coming with you.
Sorry, I can't let you do
that. Kokuyou gave me orders.
(SEKEI) I don't like doing stuff
like this...But they'll stay
here to guard you.
Sorry, Mitsuki. I'll be back
really soon!
Boruto...
Mitsuki...
I'm finally gonna get
to see you again!
I have so much to say, so many
questions! I can hardly think
straight!
(SARADA) Isn't this great,
Boruto?
Huh?
I'm pretty sure I know what
you're thinking right about
now.
I've been looking forward to
seeing him too!
He is our teammate, after all.
[chuckles] Yeah, you're right!
All the same, I'm still gonna
have to tell him a thing or two
when we see him.
He acted selfishly, even more
than someone else I know...
Yeah, suppose so! Well, we
can hear all about it from
him...
Uh.
(BORUTO) A butterfly...?
[gasps]
(SEKIEI) Hey...
How did the two of you make it
past Kokuyou?
No way. There's another one?!
My name's Sekiei.
And I'm really quite curious
about you.
Hold on, isn't he--?
Yeah, he's one of the guys who
convinced Mitsuki to leave.
So, your name's Sekiei, huh?
Tell me... just what are you to
Mitsuki?
I'm so curious about it!
Just shut up! You're gonna
bring Mitsuki back to us!
Oh, sorry...! He's actually
betrayed you already. He's
become one of us now!
What'd you say...? Like we'd
ever believe that!
Boruto, you've gotta stay calm.
Right...
That doesn't sound like Mitsuki
at all. I know you're just
lying to us!
Hm, just where does that
confidence come from?
Oh well, never mind.
Hmph!
A bomb? Is that what caused the
blast before?
You infused chakra into the clay
to make it explode, is that it?
[impressed] Wow, you're really
smart!
This jutsu was implanted in me.
I think it's called Detonating
Clay...
Are you two curious about it?
Did you say it was implanted?!
Yep! When Kokuyou and I were
created, we were each given
special powers and jutsu.
[chuckles] The way you
talk...
You'd almost think you
guys weren't actually human or
something.
Wait, don't tell me... you guys
are like those Akuta things?!
Yup, they call us
fabrications. Made to be better
than human.
Oh dear.
They'll be mad at me for telling
you that.
Oh well, who cares?
You two are gonna die now,
anyway.
[gasps]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[laughing]
That's great! Now, c'mon, show
me more about just how
interesting humans are!
Do you even have a secret weapon
or two?
[grunts] We can't waste any
more time here with this guy.
Fine, I guess I'll have
to show you...
...my secret weapon.
[eager chuckle]
[knocked back]
Huh?!
N- No way!
[cocky laugh]
You actually summoned him!?
[laughing]
Amazing! You're simply
amazing! You can do stuff like
this?!
I'm even more curious now!
All right, I'll handle this from
here on out.
Garaga! Get it.
Hmph!
So, uh... uh...
Hm?
Go on! Hey, didn't you hear
me, Garaga?!
I don't wanna.
What?!
Didn't you hear me? I said I
don't wanna, ya little brat! Now
get off!
[grunting] Ahh!
Hmph!
Hey! You entered into a contract
with me, or did you forget?!
Don't get the wrong idea. I
don't remember saying anything
about helping you.
The fight doesn't involve me.
[groans] Why, you...!
[laughing] How funny!
I'm beginning to regret having
to kill you!
But that's exactly what I'm
going to do.
Damn it!
[grunts]
[groans] He's, like, super
strong!
[weary laughter] You know,
maybe we shouldn't have come
back here, after all...
[grunts] Hey, c'mon, you guys!
It's not a bad formation... But
still, your strength is nothing
compared to mine.
Think! What strategy will work
here?!
In order to let those two get
away, you three will
perish.
All because you are
too weak.
Hmph!
Uh?
Inojin!
Sealing Jutsu: Crouching Tiger
Bullet!
[growl]
[straining]
Hold tight, Cho-Cho!
Hurry up!
[grunts]
They chose to retreat...
They're weak but wise enough.
Or... could this somehow be a
strength that humans possess...?
Right now...
[heavy breathing]
We were completely out of our
league.
I hate to say it, but...He's
right, we're weak. Damn it!
[grunting]
If this keeps up, then...
[laughing] It serves you
right!
Weren't you going to meet up
with this Mitsuki guy? At this
rate, you're going to die first!
[grunts] Just shut up!
If you're not gonna help me
fight, then just stop talking!
Your audience just got bigger,
huh? Hey, do you really wanna
see Mitsuki that badly?
Of course, I do!
I mean, Mitsuki... is my
friend.
Your friend, huh...?
Isn't that something you just
decided arbitrarily on your own?
[chuckle] Maybe it is...
All the same... that's the
reason...
...why I have to see him
again...
...so I can actually get to
know him for real.
[determined] And why...
there's no way I'm gonna
lose to you right now!
[laughing] Are you
looking for sympathy or
something?!
Stop acting so proud! You really
want my help, don't you?
Huh?!
If you bow your head and agree
to become my underling, I just
might consider it. Eh?
Oh, shut up! Listen, I don't
even want your stupid help
anymore, snake!
Just get lost already!
What did you say?
What, are you guys
breaking up?!
Well, this is getting
boring... Time to end it!
[grunts]
[grunts] Ah!
What?!
[gasps]
Listen... I have no intention of
following orders from him...
...but no one tells me to get
lost! It's my decision alone if
I rampage or not!
[attacking yell]
Seriously?! What is up
with this snake, anyway?
Take this! And this!
[grunts]
Interesting. But I still have
other tricks up my sleeve.
[gasps]
[grunting]
Huh?
Now!
Damn it, why now?! [gasps]
Let's end this!
[attack yelling]
[grunts]
[gasps]
(BORUTO) Mitsuki?
What are you doing here?!
Mitsuki! You're okay!
[relieved chuckle] It's great to
see you!
But... Why did he do that...?
So that's Mitsuki?
[chuckles] You know, we
had a really rough time catching
up to you!
But I'm really glad I get
to see you...
Huh...?
Mitsuki...?
You okay?
Yeah... Well, I'll manage.
Hey...
...Mitsuki?
Sorry, Boruto. I'm
going with them.
What did you just say...?!
Really?! You're seriously going
with them?!
Yes.
You see, this... is my will.
[gasps]
I see...
I truly thought that you'd go
back with these two.
You were spying on us? That's
really not nice.
Well, some of my suspicions
have been allayed.
But... Mitsuki...
You're kidding, right? Let's
get going!
Come on! We can all start
heading back to the Hidden Leaf
Village now. Together.
[gasps]
Lightning Style.
Snake...
...Lightning!
AH! [grunts]
No way!
Mitsuki... But I'm your
friend...
[harrumphing chuckle]
Serves you right, brat!
Believe in silly ideas like
friendship, and you end up
getting betrayed!
Let's go. Sekiei needs
tending to.
[harrumphing chuckle]
Just a husk...
You're not even worth killing.
[grunting]
Mit รยบ suki... Wait... Mitsuki...
(Sekiei) Mitsuki... have you
ever cried?
(Mitsuki) I haven't. Why?
(Sekiei) I'm really curious
about it.
Would you cry if Boruto died?
Weren't you friends?
(Mitsuki) Boruto's larger than
life... and blindingly bright.
He was like the sun in my sky.
Next time on Boruto Naruto
Next Generations: "Mitsuki's
Friend."
But... maybe even these feelings
were simply just... created.